yeah beside the only time i see sentence
is when i'm in the proof this is if the
happiness leaves as i will pin the brood
nowadays i must be careful who were
listening to his eyes a whole way across
the world for this in the truth i'm
always in the mood to catch me got a bad
time guy dishes hitting in the kitchen
it's a mad life i'm trying to reach for
my dreams with my hand inside her dreams
are slipping away this I plans died
inside I can't commit the chicks I'm
freaking rid my taking spending money
angle like I don't know what business is
I'm picking fights of good friends and
always giving shit i'm not i'm blue in
that car back strong I've anything
pissed his voice is in my head I don't
know who it is I'm asking who i am and
secondly while teach you don't know how
hard it is better yeah I water spin move
around with a happy small with all the
rock with real boss this shit that's why
I try bae it behind me finally pass the
bread and me finding these multi irony
inside of me yeah happiness is begging
hide and seek my dreams only seems to
come to laugh when I decide to sleep
let's see what my mac and bring I'm
staying through to death I'm saying fuck
this world watch it excuse my French I
have a way with words bio me uses pen
I'm starting to believe that there's a
screw loose off in the hail I'm sick to
death regardless and walking my dogs are
still walking for now and when we saw it
as a thought is to always put my heart
in these pretty quick oh it sound like a
frosh week
I'm so asking for second chances I bite
the hand that feeds nigga now I'm
starving you might see me walking around
with a small now but I've been sucking
all times or the wall now I'll coach
awhile out-gained teasing crime out for
about quitting rap but then imagine I
throughout my time is now I'm thinking
whether ever take off awake and not late
thinking where the fuck's my day go get
I'm just waiting for the day where I can
finally say hey yo Dawg this music is
paid off and trying to stay strong but
only riding on this one off your new
friend that they can be your enemy some
more raw I feeling gone mad I wonder
wild over if it took the lead now with
my other brother swallow I brought a
suck seed can you hear my long stream
inside nowadays producers don't make it
no fees nor easy just me raise it Josh
rap you need to toe these pussies every
month for company before a buzz like a
bee bees my balls big enough before I
get big enough to get my six fingers off
a man's day to me yo you're getting
bigger brother to another's things feel
like shit needs to give it all I'm doing
this for me I'm not doing it for their
sake so I'm the one that suffers if it
ever goes pear-shaped now we screen to
lose you say I don't spit the true saw
me in the street you should check out my
cafes games like a staircase a movie
stepping hireright going places like a
call when the tire get fire in the group
this whole game on the layup only few of
us I've got sort of spoke inside of us
what
you